Are you a morning person or a night person?
Do you collect anything?
Do you eat rice with a spoon, fork, chopsticks, or some other way?
Do you have a favorite song to listen to when you need your spirits lifted?
Do you speak any languages besides English?
How do you like your eggs?
How many holes does a straw have?
If you could add a word to the dictionary what would you add?
If you could be guaranteed one thing in life (besides money), what would it be?
If you could be the world's best athlete in any sport, which one would it be any why?
If you could instantly learn a new talent, what would it be?
How is GIF pronounced?
Is a hotdog a sandwich?
What is your preferred electronic device?
What clubs have you participated in?
What is something you hate doing?
What is something you love doing?
What is something you think is overrated?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What is your favorite physical activity?
What is your favorite type of cuisine?
What two things do you consider yourself to be very bad at?
What two things do you consider yourself to be very good at?
What was the last thing you gave 100% to?
What is your favorite cartoon?
What is your favorite movie?
What's one frequently used word that you can't stand?
What's your beverage of choice?
What's your biggest fear?
What's your favorite hobby?
What social media platform do you use the most?
Who's someone you really admire?
Would you rather be too hot or too cold?
Are you a cat or dog person?
When you were a child, what did you want to be when you grew up?
If you could go to any point in history, when and where would you go?
If you could live anywhere in the world for a year, where would it be?
If you could live in one fictional universe, which one would you choose?
If you could only keep 3 app on your phone, which would they be?
What one meal would you eat for the rest of your life?
What are you most excited for this year?
What is your major and why?
What school subject is your favorite?
What school subject is your least favorite?
What's your favorite season?
What's your favorite place you've travelled to?
What's on your bucket list?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
What is your most used phone app?
Cookies or brownies?
How many languages can you speak?
What animal would you chose to be?
Name one good and one bad thing about yourself.
How long do you tend to sleep?
What would you like to do when you retire?
What would you do if you got a million dollars?
What do you want to do when you retire?
When did you first get a phone?
What's your favorite piece of advice?
Pens or pencils?
What did adults say would be really important when you grew up, but it hasn't been?
What's something you're looking forward to?
What's your favorite type of weather?
What's your favorite animal?
When are you most productive?
What's your favorite meal?
What is your preferred water?
What is your favorite meal of the day?
Milk first or cereal first? Or other?
When do you sleep?
Favorite day of the week?
Favorite time of day?
How many friends do you have?
How tired are you currently?
How often do you read?
How often do you watch tv?
How often do you play games?
What pets do you have?
What is a trait you look up to?
What are your favorite icebreaker questions?
What are your least favorite icebreaker questions?
What are some good icebreaker questions?
What is your least favorite chore?
When do you typically wake up?
Favorite snack?
What is an overrated food item?
How long do you or did you spend on schoolwork a day?
Most important/favorite food group? (Grain, Protein, Fruits, Vegetables, Dairy)
If life expectancy weren't a concern, how long would you want to live for?
Favorite fast-food chain?
Would you rather know the future, or the past?
Do you prefer working digitally or on paper?
How many social media platforms do you use regularly?
What is a bad habit you'd like to end?
What's the dumbest thing you've heard anyone say?
What's the dumbest thing you've ever believed?
Do you like icebreakers?
What's your favorite homemade meal?
Where did you grow up?
Are there any habits that you'd like to build?